SAEP-11: Update Spark Savings Configuration (#188)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: Sky Atlas/Sky Atlas.md

###### A.6.1.1.1.3.5.3.1.3.1 - Spark Savings USDC on Ethereum [Core]  <!-- UUID: 3b92fb2c-9944-4fa8-9300-5a53c16189dd -->

The current Target Liquidity for Spark Savings USDC on Ethereum is the greater of 10% of total deposits or 1 million USDC, up to a maximum amount of 10 million USDC.

###### A.6.1.1.1.3.5.3.1.3.2 - Spark Savings USDT on Ethereum [Core]  <!-- UUID: 5e8fdea7-ce4a-4185-9d18-995ff823eb94 -->

> The current Target Liquidity for Spark Savings USDT on Ethereum is the greater of 10% of total deposits or 1 million USDC, up to a maximum amount of 10 million USDC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current Target Liquidity for Spark Savings USDT on Ethereum is the greater of 10% of total deposits or 1 million USDT, up to a maximum amount of 10 million USDT.
```

###### A.6.1.1.1.3.5.3.1.3.3 - Spark Savings ETH on Ethereum [Core]  <!-- UUID: 944ebd8c-0562-4397-8a5a-6ebcea8167e7 -->

> The current Target Liquidity for Spark Savings ETH on Ethereum is the greater of 10% of total deposits or 250 ETH, up to a maximum amount of 10 million USDC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current Target Liquidity for Spark Savings ETH on Ethereum is the greater of 10% of total deposits or 250 ETH, up to a maximum amount of 2,500 ETH.
```
